TOC.md, before:

- [Part I - AWS Guide](aws.md#part-i---aws-guide)
  * [Overview](aws.md#overview)
  * [Setup Credentials](aws.md#setup-credentials)
    + [Generate Access Key](aws.md#generate-access-key)
    + [Name Your VPC](aws.md#name-your-vpc)
    + [Generate EC2 Key Pair](aws.md#generate-ec2-key-pair)
  * [Use Terraform](aws.md#use-terraform)
    + [Variable File](aws.md#variable-file)
    + [Production Considerations](aws.md#production-considerations)
    + [Build Resources](aws.md#build-resources)
    + [Automate Build and Teardown](aws.md#automate-build-and-teardown)
  * [Bastion Host](aws.md#bastion-host)
    + [Public IP Address](aws.md#public-ip-address)
    + [Connect to Bastion](aws.md#connect-to-bastion)
    + [Add User](aws.md#add-user)
    + [Setup User](aws.md#setup-user)
    + [Add Authorized Key](aws.md#add-authorized-key)
    + [SSH Config](aws.md#ssh-config)
    + [Test Login](aws.md#test-login)
  * [Proto Environment](aws.md#proto-environment)
    + [Site Name](aws.md#site-name)
    + [Environment Name](aws.md#environment-name)
    + [vault-init](aws.md#vault-init)
      - [Start Server](aws.md#start-server)
      - [Setup vault-init](aws.md#setup-vault-init)
      - [Test vault-init](aws.md#test-vault-init)
    + [proto-BOSH](aws.md#proto-bosh)
      - [Generate BOSH Deploy](aws.md#generate-bosh-deploy)
      - [Make Manifest](aws.md#make-manifest)
    + [Generate Vault Deploy](aws.md#generate-vault-deploy)
    + [Initializing Your Global Vault](aws.md#initializing-your-global-vault)
    + [Migrating Credentials](aws.md#migrating-credentials)
  * [Shield](aws.md#shield)
    + [Setting up AWS S3 For Backup Archives](aws.md#setting-up-aws-s3-for-backup-archives)
    + [Deploying SHIELD](aws.md#deploying-shield)
    + [How to use SHIELD](aws.md#how-to-use-shield)
  * [bolo](aws.md#bolo)
    + [Deploying Bolo Monitoring](aws.md#deploying-bolo-monitoring)
    + [Configuring Bolo Agents](aws.md#configuring-bolo-agents)
    + [Further Reading on Bolo](aws.md#further-reading-on-bolo)
  * [Concourse](aws.md#concourse)
    + [Deploying Concourse](aws.md#deploying-concourse)
    + [Setup Pipelines Using Concourse](aws.md#setup-pipelines-using-concourse)
  * [Building out Sites and Environments](aws.md#building-out-sites-and-environments)
    + [Alpha](aws.md#alpha)
      - [BOSH-Lite](aws.md#bosh-lite)
      - [Alpha Cloud Foundry](aws.md#alpha-cloud-foundry)
    + [First Beta Environment](aws.md#first-beta-environment)
      - [BOSH](aws.md#bosh)
      - [Jumpboxen?](aws.md#jumpboxen)
      - [Beta Cloud Foundry](aws.md#beta-cloud-foundry)
      - [Setup RDS Database](aws.md#setup-rds-database)
    + [Production Environment](aws.md#production-environment)
    + [Next Steps](aws.md#next-steps)
- [Part II - Deploying on Azure](azure.md#part-ii---deploying-on-azure)
  * [Things You'll Need](azure.md#things-youll-need)
  * [Creating an Azure Cloud via Terraform](azure.md#creating-an-azure-cloud-via-terraform)
    + [Accessing the bastion host](azure.md#accessing-the-bastion-host)
    + [Add SSH Keys to bastion Host](azure.md#add-ssh-keys-to-bastion-host)
    + [Installing the Necessary Packages on the bastion Host via Jumpbox](azure.md#installing-the-necessary-packages-on-the-bastion-host-via-jumpbox)
- [Part III - Deploying on OpenStack](openstack.md#part-iii---deploying-on-openstack)
  * [Deploying DevStack](openstack.md#deploying-devstack)
      - [DevStack on a Machine](openstack.md#devstack-on-a-machine)
      - [DevStack Setup](openstack.md#devstack-setup)
  * [Setting Up an OpenStack Project](openstack.md#setting-up-an-openstack-project)
---
- [Certificate & Key Management in a BOSH World](tls.md#certificate--key-management-in-a-bosh-world)
  * [Services With Certificates](tls.md#services-with-certificates)
  * [Option 1 - Real Certificates](tls.md#option-1---real-certificates)
  * [Option 2 - Wildcard Certificates](tls.md#option-2---wildcard-certificates)
  * [Option 3 - Certificate Authority](tls.md#option-3---certificate-authority)
- [How to Deploy OpenVPN and Setup Root Certificates](openvpn.md#how-to-deploy-openvpn-and-setup-root-certificates)
  * [Enabling Remote Access](openvpn.md#enabling-remote-access)
  * [Enter the OpenVPN BOSH Release](openvpn.md#enter-the-openvpn-bosh-release)
    + [Vault Setup](openvpn.md#vault-setup)
    + [Network Configuration](openvpn.md#network-configuration)
    + [Initialze Public Key Infrastructure](openvpn.md#initialze-public-key-infrastructure)
    + [Setup Diffie-Hellman](openvpn.md#setup-diffie-hellman)
  * [Generate Certificates](openvpn.md#generate-certificates)
    + [Deploy OpenVPN](openvpn.md#deploy-openvpn)
  * [Client VPN Configuration](openvpn.md#client-vpn-configuration)
    + [Revoking VPN Access for users](openvpn.md#revoking-vpn-access-for-users)
  * [Future Notes](openvpn.md#future-notes)
- [Secure Your Secrets with Vault](vault.md#secure-your-secrets-with-vault)
  * [Best Practices](vault.md#best-practices)
  * [High Availability](vault.md#high-availability)
    + [Storage Backends](vault.md#storage-backends)
  * [Unsealing a High Availability Vault](vault.md#unsealing-a-high-availability-vault)
  * [Migrating Keys](vault.md#migrating-keys)
- [The Network Plan](network.md#the-network-plan)
  * [Supernet](network.md#supernet)
  * [Network Subdivision](network.md#network-subdivision)
  * [Global Infrastructure IP Allocation](network.md#global-infrastructure-ip-allocation)
- [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md#troubleshooting-guide)
- [Bastion Host](troubleshooting.md#bastion-host)
  * [Missing Commands](troubleshooting.md#missing-commands)
  * [proto-BOSH & Shield](troubleshooting.md#proto-bosh--shield)
  * [Terraform](troubleshooting.md#terraform)
  * [Verify Keypair](troubleshooting.md#verify-keypair)

Commit message:

Add cf push app section and update TOC

TOC.md, after:

- [Part I - AWS Guide](aws.md#part-i---aws-guide)
  * [Overview](aws.md#overview)
  * [Setup Credentials](aws.md#setup-credentials)
    + [Generate Access Key](aws.md#generate-access-key)
    + [Name Your VPC](aws.md#name-your-vpc)
    + [Generate EC2 Key Pair](aws.md#generate-ec2-key-pair)
  * [Use Terraform](aws.md#use-terraform)
    + [Variable File](aws.md#variable-file)
    + [Production Considerations](aws.md#production-considerations)
    + [Build Resources](aws.md#build-resources)
    + [Automate Build and Teardown](aws.md#automate-build-and-teardown)
  * [Bastion Host](aws.md#bastion-host)
    + [Public IP Address](aws.md#public-ip-address)
    + [Connect to Bastion](aws.md#connect-to-bastion)
    + [Add User](aws.md#add-user)
    + [Setup User](aws.md#setup-user)
    + [Add Authorized Key](aws.md#add-authorized-key)
    + [SSH Config](aws.md#ssh-config)
    + [Test Login](aws.md#test-login)
  * [Proto Environment](aws.md#proto-environment)
    + [Site Name](aws.md#site-name)
    + [Environment Name](aws.md#environment-name)
    + [vault-init](aws.md#vault-init)
      - [Start Server](aws.md#start-server)
      - [Setup vault-init](aws.md#setup-vault-init)
      - [Test vault-init](aws.md#test-vault-init)
    + [proto-BOSH](aws.md#proto-bosh)
      - [Generate BOSH Deploy](aws.md#generate-bosh-deploy)
      - [Make Manifest](aws.md#make-manifest)
    + [Generate Vault Deploy](aws.md#generate-vault-deploy)
    + [Initializing Your Global Vault](aws.md#initializing-your-global-vault)
    + [Migrating Credentials](aws.md#migrating-credentials)
  * [Shield](aws.md#shield)
    + [Setting up AWS S3 For Backup Archives](aws.md#setting-up-aws-s3-for-backup-archives)
    + [Deploying SHIELD](aws.md#deploying-shield)
    + [How to use SHIELD](aws.md#how-to-use-shield)
  * [bolo](aws.md#bolo)
    + [Deploying Bolo Monitoring](aws.md#deploying-bolo-monitoring)
    + [Configuring Bolo Agents](aws.md#configuring-bolo-agents)
    + [Further Reading on Bolo](aws.md#further-reading-on-bolo)
  * [Concourse](aws.md#concourse)
    + [Deploying Concourse](aws.md#deploying-concourse)
    + [Setup Pipelines Using Concourse](aws.md#setup-pipelines-using-concourse)
  * [Building out Sites and Environments](aws.md#building-out-sites-and-environments)
    + [Alpha](aws.md#alpha)
      - [BOSH-Lite](aws.md#bosh-lite)
      - [Alpha Cloud Foundry](aws.md#alpha-cloud-foundry)
    + [First Beta Environment](aws.md#first-beta-environment)
      - [BOSH](aws.md#bosh)
      - [Jumpboxen?](aws.md#jumpboxen)
      - [Beta Cloud Foundry](aws.md#beta-cloud-foundry)
        * [Setup RDS Database](aws.md#setup-rds-database)
        * [Push An App to Beta Cloud Foundry](aws.md#push-an-app-to-beta-cloud-foundry)
    + [Production Environment](aws.md#production-environment)
    + [Next Steps](aws.md#next-steps)
- [Part II - Deploying on Azure](azure.md#part-ii---deploying-on-azure)
  * [Things You'll Need](azure.md#things-youll-need)
  * [Creating an Azure Cloud via Terraform](azure.md#creating-an-azure-cloud-via-terraform)
    + [Accessing the bastion host](azure.md#accessing-the-bastion-host)
    + [Add SSH Keys to bastion Host](azure.md#add-ssh-keys-to-bastion-host)
    + [Installing the Necessary Packages on the bastion Host via Jumpbox](azure.md#installing-the-necessary-packages-on-the-bastion-host-via-jumpbox)
- [Part III - Deploying on OpenStack](openstack.md#part-iii---deploying-on-openstack)
  * [Deploying DevStack](openstack.md#deploying-devstack)
      - [DevStack on a Machine](openstack.md#devstack-on-a-machine)
      - [DevStack Setup](openstack.md#devstack-setup)
  * [Setting Up an OpenStack Project](openstack.md#setting-up-an-openstack-project)
---
- [Certificate & Key Management in a BOSH World](tls.md#certificate--key-management-in-a-bosh-world)
  * [Services With Certificates](tls.md#services-with-certificates)
  * [Option 1 - Real Certificates](tls.md#option-1---real-certificates)
  * [Option 2 - Wildcard Certificates](tls.md#option-2---wildcard-certificates)
  * [Option 3 - Certificate Authority](tls.md#option-3---certificate-authority)
- [How to Deploy OpenVPN and Setup Root Certificates](openvpn.md#how-to-deploy-openvpn-and-setup-root-certificates)
  * [Enabling Remote Access](openvpn.md#enabling-remote-access)
  * [Enter the OpenVPN BOSH Release](openvpn.md#enter-the-openvpn-bosh-release)
    + [Vault Setup](openvpn.md#vault-setup)
    + [Network Configuration](openvpn.md#network-configuration)
    + [Initialze Public Key Infrastructure](openvpn.md#initialze-public-key-infrastructure)
    + [Setup Diffie-Hellman](openvpn.md#setup-diffie-hellman)
  * [Generate Certificates](openvpn.md#generate-certificates)
    + [Deploy OpenVPN](openvpn.md#deploy-openvpn)
  * [Client VPN Configuration](openvpn.md#client-vpn-configuration)
    + [Revoking VPN Access for users](openvpn.md#revoking-vpn-access-for-users)
  * [Future Notes](openvpn.md#future-notes)
- [Secure Your Secrets with Vault](vault.md#secure-your-secrets-with-vault)
  * [Best Practices](vault.md#best-practices)
  * [High Availability](vault.md#high-availability)
    + [Storage Backends](vault.md#storage-backends)
  * [Unsealing a High Availability Vault](vault.md#unsealing-a-high-availability-vault)
  * [Migrating Keys](vault.md#migrating-keys)
- [The Network Plan](network.md#the-network-plan)
  * [Supernet](network.md#supernet)
  * [Network Subdivision](network.md#network-subdivision)
  * [Global Infrastructure IP Allocation](network.md#global-infrastructure-ip-allocation)
- [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md#troubleshooting-guide)
- [Bastion Host](troubleshooting.md#bastion-host)
  * [Missing Commands](troubleshooting.md#missing-commands)
  * [proto-BOSH & Shield](troubleshooting.md#proto-bosh--shield)
  * [Terraform](troubleshooting.md#terraform)
  * [Verify Keypair](troubleshooting.md#verify-keypair)
